{
  "comments": [
    {
      "unresolved": false,
      "key": {
        "uuid": "b0b0faa6_1f461da9",
        "filename": "/PATCHSET_LEVEL",
        "patchSetId": 1
      },
      "lineNbr": 0,
      "author": {
        "id": 1003556
      },
      "writtenOn": "2021-09-16T23:27:08Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "Haven\u0027t read in details yet but I\u0027d like to keep the phobos dependency optional.\n\nI can think of two ways:\n - easiest way is just making it optional in meson and adding #if HAVE_PHOBOS guards around the part of the code that need this, it\u0027s a bit ugly but we can use most of the code you wrote as is with very small changes. (Also needs a meson option to explicitly disable compiling phobos bits even if the dependency is present for tests... iirc meson has a feature option type for that which is easy to use and will just pretend the dependency hasn\u0027t been found)\n - harder way would be to make it some sort of policy plugin or callback by config. I think it\u0027d be worth it ultimately if we want others to use the coordinatool, but it\u0027s quite a bit more of a pain (modules mean defining an api, adding dlopen code etc)\n\nAt this stage of development hardcoding can make sense - I\u0027m deferring to others for this decision, we\u0027ve been using modules with robinhood (v3) and ganesha so Thomas will know what it implies and brings.\nHappy to help with modules if we go that way as time allows.",
      "revId": "90601399c1c5d613d56c677f570d5b66d4123615",
      "serverId": "d5d70762-12d0-45a1-890d-524b12d3f735"
    },
    {
      "unresolved": false,
      "key": {
        "uuid": "f4f8dc30_c05da3e0",
        "filename": "/PATCHSET_LEVEL",
        "patchSetId": 1
      },
      "lineNbr": 0,
      "author": {
        "id": 1019142
      },
      "writtenOn": "2021-09-17T07:19:17Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "The aim of this patch is only to make the integration with phobos possible and test the stack Lustre/Coordinatool/Copytool/Phobos. There\u0027s a lot more to be done for this integration to work properly which will probably change when we have proper scheduling strategies.\n\nI agree that having a hard dependency is problematic and a small module library would be a better integration but is something that definitely needs more thinking and probably needs to be more aligned with the scheduling strategies as well.\n\nMaybe we can leave this branch like this right now and come back to it when we have a clear strategy for these kind of operations?",
      "parentUuid": "b0b0faa6_1f461da9",
      "revId": "90601399c1c5d613d56c677f570d5b66d4123615",
      "serverId": "d5d70762-12d0-45a1-890d-524b12d3f735"
    },
    {
      "unresolved": false,
      "key": {
        "uuid": "456526e6_5011df13",
        "filename": "/PATCHSET_LEVEL",
        "patchSetId": 1
      },
      "lineNbr": 0,
      "author": {
        "id": 1003556
      },
      "writtenOn": "2021-09-17T07:30:28Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "I don\u0027t mind keeping this branch separate, but that\u0027ll make things difficult for you if there are further evolutions (the leftover works should not touch this too much so it\u0027s probably fine in the short term, but it\u0027ll still be more work than 0).\n\nI think ultimately coordinatool will need some plugin/hooks but I agree it doesn\u0027t have to be now, as I said I\u0027m happy with just #ifdefs -- please discuss what you think is best at next meeting and I\u0027ll go along as long as there is no hard dependency added :)",
      "parentUuid": "f4f8dc30_c05da3e0",
      "revId": "90601399c1c5d613d56c677f570d5b66d4123615",
      "serverId": "d5d70762-12d0-45a1-890d-524b12d3f735"
    },
    {
      "unresolved": false,
      "key": {
        "uuid": "4701e7ec_14072382",
        "filename": "/PATCHSET_LEVEL",
        "patchSetId": 1
      },
      "lineNbr": 0,
      "author": {
        "id": 1019142
      },
      "writtenOn": "2021-10-05T08:32:44Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "Ok, after some discussions about this, the goal right now is to have a prototype which can support phobos. So the idea is to have a seperate branch so than there is no hard dependency with phobos on the master branch.\n\nI will rebase my last patch on your stack so that I can use the elho request for the hostname. And I think we can then move forward after you validate the changes.",
      "parentUuid": "456526e6_5011df13",
      "revId": "90601399c1c5d613d56c677f570d5b66d4123615",
      "serverId": "d5d70762-12d0-45a1-890d-524b12d3f735"
    },
    {
      "unresolved": false,
      "key": {
        "uuid": "e2443801_b82b451f",
        "filename": "/PATCHSET_LEVEL",
        "patchSetId": 1
      },
      "lineNbr": 0,
      "author": {
        "id": 1003556
      },
      "writtenOn": "2021-10-05T11:17:17Z",
      "side": 1,
      "message": "Keeping it separate as a prototype for now works for me, thanks for letting me now\n\nNow stuff is on gerrit I want to get some minimal testing (at least build, scan-build perhaps?) going before I merge but should get back to it soonish and merge the posted stack.",
      "parentUuid": "4701e7ec_14072382",
      "revId": "90601399c1c5d613d56c677f570d5b66d4123615",
      "serverId": "d5d70762-12d0-45a1-890d-524b12d3f735"
    }
  ]
}